[pyqgis] add methods to QgsVectorLayer (#6023)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/pyqgis_developer_cookbook/vector.rst

    NAME String
    USE String

> The :meth:`displayField() <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer.displayField>` and 

Reviewer: I also wonder, given that the addressed issue is about this method being split, if we should not mention displayExpression instead here

Author: Nice idea. Added as a note with 6dc61ea

:meth:`mapTipTemplate() <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer.mapTipTemplate>` methods of

> the :class:`QgsVectorLayer <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer>` class allows you to get
> information of the field and template used in the :ref:`maptips` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :class:`QgsVectorLayer <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer>` class allow you to get
information about the field and template used in the :ref:`maptips` tab.
```

Reviewer: OR?
```suggestion
the :class:`QgsVectorLayer <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer>` class provide
information on the field and template used in the :ref:`maptips` tab.
```

When you load a vector alyer, a field is always chosen by QGIS as the 
``Display Name`` while the ``HTML Map Tip`` is empty by default. With these 

> methods you can easily get both information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
methods you can easily get both:
```

    NAME String
    USE String

The :meth:`displayField() <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer.displayField>` and 
:meth:`mapTipTemplate() <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer.mapTipTemplate>` methods of
the :class:`QgsVectorLayer <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer>` class provide
information on the field and template used in the :ref:`maptips` tab.

When you load a vector layer, a field is always chosen by QGIS as the 

> ``Display Name`` while the ``HTML Map Tip`` is empty by default. With these 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``Display Name`,` while the ``HTML Map Tip`` is empty by default. With these 
```

> ``Display Name`,` while the ``HTML Map Tip`` is empty by default. With these 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``Display Name``, while the ``HTML Map Tip`` is empty by default. With these 
```

methods you can easily get both:

.. testcode:: vectors

    vlayer = iface.addVectorLayer("testdata/airports.shp", "airports", "ogr")
    print(vlayer.displayField())
    print(vlayer.mapTipTemplate())

.. testoutput:: vectors

    NAME
    ''

> .. note:: If you change the ``Display Name`` from a field to an expression than 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note:: If you change the ``Display Name`` from a field to an expression, then 
```

>   you have to use :meth:`displayExpression() <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer.displayExpression>`
>   instead of :meth:`displayField() <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer.displayField>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   you have to use :meth:`displayExpression() <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer.displayExpression>`
   instead of :meth:`displayField() <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer.displayField>`.
```

> .. note:: If you change the ``Display Name`` from a field to an expression, 
>    you have to use :meth:`displayExpression() <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer.displayExpression>`
>    instead of :meth:`displayField() <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer.displayField>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note:: If you change the ``Display Name`` from a field to an expression, you have to
   use :meth:`displayExpression() <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer.displayExpression>`
   instead of :meth:`displayField() <qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer.displayField>`.
```
